.TH "cmdoptns.h" 3 "22 May 2003" "CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cmdoptns.h \- Command line option parsing interface. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <cc++/config.h>\fP
.br
.SS "Compounds"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBCommandOption\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICommandOption is the base class for all command line options.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBCommandOptionArg\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIClass for options with an argument e.g.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBCommandOptionCollect\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIt only makes sense to have a single one of these set and it is also exclusive with \fBCommandOptionRest\fP. \fBCommandOption\fP to collect parameters that are not options.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBCommandOptionNoArg\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBCommandOption\fP type for flags.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBCommandOptionParse\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is the CommandOptionParse interface class.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBCommandOptionRest\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIt only makes sense to have a single one of these set and it is exclusive with \fBCommandOptionCollect\fP. \fBCommandOption\fP to take the rest of the command line.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBCommandOptionWithArg\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIDerived class of \fBCommandOption\fP for options that have a value associated with them.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCommandOptionParse\fP * \fBmakeCommandOptionParse\fP (int argc, char **argv, char *comment, \fBCommandOption\fP *options=\fBdefaultCommandOptionList\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fImakeCommandOptionParse will create an implementation of a \fBCommandOptionParse\fP object.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCommandOption\fP * \fBdefaultCommandOptionList\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis defines a linked list head pointer for all the command line options that use the default list.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
Command line option parsing interface.
.PP
.PP
.SH "FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "\fBCommandOptionParse\fP* makeCommandOptionParse (int argc, char ** argv, char * comment, \fBCommandOption\fP * options = \fBdefaultCommandOptionList\fP)"
.PP
makeCommandOptionParse will create an implementation of a \fBCommandOptionParse\fP object.
.PP
This particular implementation is a wrapper around getopt_long(3). That interface unfortunatly does not provide enough information to give the best error messages with malformed input. If the implementation changes there is a good chance that the binary interface will remain the same. 
.SH "VARIABLE DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "\fBCommandOption\fP* defaultCommandOptionList"
.PP
This defines a linked list head pointer for all the command line options that use the default list.
.PP
It will most likely be used in most cases without being explicitly referenced in application code. It is a default value of various method's parameters. 
.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CommonC++ from the source code.
