.TH "CommandOptionRest" 3 "22 May 2003" "CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
CommandOptionRest \- It only makes sense to have a single one of these set and it is exclusive with \fBCommandOptionCollect\fP. \fBCommandOption\fP to take the rest of the command line. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <cmdoptns.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBCommandOptionWithArg\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCommandOptionRest\fP (const char *inOptionName, const char *inOptionLetter, const char *inDescription, bool inRequired=false, \fBCommandOption\fP **ppNext=&\fBdefaultCommandOptionList\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fICommandOptionRest contructor.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
It only makes sense to have a single one of these set and it is exclusive with \fBCommandOptionCollect\fP. \fBCommandOption\fP to take the rest of the command line.
.PP
It is the option that takes the rest of the command line options that are not part of any other options. e.g. 'strace -ofile command arg1 arg2'. The 'command arg1 arg2' part is placed in objects of this class. 
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "CommandOptionRest::CommandOptionRest (const char * inOptionName, const char * inOptionLetter, const char * inDescription, bool inRequired = false, \fBCommandOption\fP ** ppNext = &\fBdefaultCommandOptionList\fP)"
.PP
CommandOptionRest contructor.
.PP
This sets the optionType for this object to Trailing.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIinOptionName\fP\fP
long option name 
.TP
\fB\fIinOptionLetter\fP\fP
short letter name 
.TP
\fB\fIinDescription\fP\fP
short description of the option 
.TP
\fB\fIinRequired\fP\fP
true if option is required 
.TP
\fB\fIppNext\fP\fP
the linked list header 

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CommonC++ from the source code.
