.TH "CommandOptionWithArg" 3 "22 May 2003" "CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
CommandOptionWithArg \- Derived class of \fBCommandOption\fP for options that have a value associated with them. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <cmdoptns.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBCommandOption\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBCommandOptionArg\fP, \fBCommandOptionCollect\fP, and \fBCommandOptionRest\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCommandOptionWithArg\fP (const char *inOptionName, const char *inOptionLetter, const char *inDescription, \fBOptionType\fP inOptionType, bool inRequired=false, \fBCommandOption\fP **ppNext=&\fBdefaultCommandOptionList\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fICommandOptionWithArg contructor.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~CommandOptionWithArg\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBfoundOption\fP (\fBCommandOptionParse\fP *cop, const char *value=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBfoundOption\fP (\fBCommandOptionParse\fP *cop, const char **value, int num)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBhasValue\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const char ** \fBvalues\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIArray of list of values collected for this option.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumValue\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBNumber\fP of values in the values array.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
Derived class of \fBCommandOption\fP for options that have a value associated with them.
.PP
Classes \fBCommandOptionRest\fP and \fBCommandOptionArg\fP derive from this class. 
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "CommandOptionWithArg::CommandOptionWithArg (const char * inOptionName, const char * inOptionLetter, const char * inDescription, \fBOptionType\fP inOptionType, bool inRequired = false, \fBCommandOption\fP ** ppNext = &\fBdefaultCommandOptionList\fP)"
.PP
CommandOptionWithArg contructor.
.PP
Note the default values for required and ppNext.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIinOptionName\fP\fP
long option name 
.TP
\fB\fIinOptionLetter\fP\fP
short letter name 
.TP
\fB\fIinDescription\fP\fP
short description of the option 
.TP
\fB\fIinOptionType\fP\fP
the type of this option 
.TP
\fB\fIinRequired\fP\fP
true if option is required 
.TP
\fB\fIppNext\fP\fP
the linked list header 
.SS "virtual CommandOptionWithArg::~CommandOptionWithArg ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void CommandOptionWithArg::foundOption (\fBCommandOptionParse\fP * cop, const char ** value, int num)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBCommandOption\fP.
.SS "virtual void CommandOptionWithArg::foundOption (\fBCommandOptionParse\fP * cop, const char * value = 0)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBCommandOption\fP.
.SS "virtual bool CommandOptionWithArg::hasValue ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBCommandOption\fP.
.SH "MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "int CommandOptionWithArg::numValue"
.PP
\fBNumber\fP of values in the values array.
.PP
.SS "const char** CommandOptionWithArg::values"
.PP
Array of list of values collected for this option.
.PP


.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CommonC++ from the source code.
