.TH "CommandOptionParse" 3 "22 May 2003" "CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
CommandOptionParse \- This is the CommandOptionParse interface class. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <cmdoptns.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~CommandOptionParse\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIVirtual destructor needed so that the object may be correctly deleted.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBargsHaveError\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the value of the error flag set if the parser encountered errors.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const char * \fBprintErrors\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn a string of text describing the list of errors encountered.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const char * \fBprintUsage\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn a string that contains the usage description of this list of paramaters.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBregisterError\fP (const char *errMsg)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIRegister an error with this parser.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBperformTask\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIThe method should be invoked by the main code once it has determined that the application should be started.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
This is the CommandOptionParse interface class.
.PP
To implement this object you can call \fBmakeCommandOptionParse()\fP; This will instantiate a dynamically allocated version of this class and parse the command line for the list of command options that are passed in.
.PP
\fBAuthor: \fP
.in +1c
Gianni Mariani <gianni@mariani.ws> 
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "virtual CommandOptionParse::~CommandOptionParse ()\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Virtual destructor needed so that the object may be correctly deleted.
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "virtual bool CommandOptionParse::argsHaveError ()\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get the value of the error flag set if the parser encountered errors.
.PP
.SS "virtual void CommandOptionParse::performTask ()\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
The method should be invoked by the main code once it has determined that the application should be started.
.PP
.SS "virtual const char* CommandOptionParse::printErrors ()\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return a string of text describing the list of errors encountered.
.PP
.SS "virtual const char* CommandOptionParse::printUsage ()\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return a string that contains the usage description of this list of paramaters.
.PP
.SS "virtual void CommandOptionParse::registerError (const char * errMsg)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Register an error with this parser.
.PP
This string will be appended to the errors already buffered in this object. 

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CommonC++ from the source code.
