.TH "Datetime" 3 "22 May 2003" "CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Datetime \- The Datetime class uses a julian date representation of the current year, month, and day and a integer representation of the current time. Integer based time class. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <numbers.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBDate\fP, and \fBTime\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDatetime\fP (time_t tm)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDatetime\fP (tm *dt)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDatetime\fP (char *str, size_t \fBsize\fP=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDatetime\fP (int year, unsigned month, unsigned day, int hour, int minute, int second)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDatetime\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBgetDatetime\fP (char *buffer) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "time_t \fBgetDatetime\fP (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisValid\fP (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Datetime & \fBoperator=\fP (Datetime datetime)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Datetime & \fBoperator+=\fP (Datetime &datetime)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Datetime & \fBoperator-=\fP (Datetime &datetime)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Datetime & \fBoperator+=\fP (\fBTime\fP &time)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Datetime & \fBoperator-=\fP (\fBTime\fP &time)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator==\fP (Datetime &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator!=\fP (Datetime &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator<\fP (Datetime &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator<=\fP (Datetime &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator>\fP (Datetime &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator>=\fP (Datetime &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator!\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBstrftime\fP (const char *format) const"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
The Datetime class uses a julian date representation of the current year, month, and day and a integer representation of the current time. Integer based time class.
.PP
This is then manipulated in several forms and may be exported as needed.
.PP
\fBAuthor: \fP
.in +1c
Marcelo Dalmas <mad@brasmap.com.br> 
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "Datetime::Datetime (time_t tm)"
.PP
.SS "Datetime::Datetime (tm * dt)"
.PP
.SS "Datetime::Datetime (char * str, size_t size = 0)"
.PP
.SS "Datetime::Datetime (int year, unsigned month, unsigned day, int hour, int minute, int second)"
.PP
.SS "Datetime::Datetime ()"
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "time_t Datetime::getDatetime (void) const"
.PP
.SS "char* Datetime::getDatetime (char * buffer) const"
.PP
.SS "bool Datetime::isValid (void) const"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBDate\fP.
.SS "bool Datetime::operator! ()"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBTime\fP.
.SS "int Datetime::operator!= (Datetime &)"
.PP
.SS "Datetime& Datetime::operator+= (\fBTime\fP & time)"
.PP
.SS "Datetime& Datetime::operator+= (Datetime & datetime)"
.PP
.SS "Datetime& Datetime::operator-= (\fBTime\fP & time)"
.PP
.SS "Datetime& Datetime::operator-= (Datetime & datetime)"
.PP
.SS "int Datetime::operator< (Datetime &)"
.PP
.SS "int Datetime::operator<= (Datetime &)"
.PP
.SS "Datetime& Datetime::operator= (Datetime datetime)"
.PP
.SS "int Datetime::operator== (Datetime &)"
.PP
.SS "int Datetime::operator> (Datetime &)"
.PP
.SS "int Datetime::operator>= (Datetime &)"
.PP
.SS "std::string Datetime::strftime (const char * format) const"
.PP


.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CommonC++ from the source code.
