.TH "digest.h" 3 "22 May 2003" "CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
digest.h \- \fBDigest\fP algorithms: checksum, CRC and MD5. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <cc++/config.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <cc++/thread.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <iostream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <fstream>\fP
.br
.SS "Compounds"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBChecksumDigest\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA simple checksum digest function. checksum hash function.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBCRC16Digest\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA crc16 collection/compution hash accumulator class. crc16 computation hash.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBCRC32Digest\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA crc32 collection/computation hash accumulator class. crc32 computation hash.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBDigest\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe digest base class is used for implementing and deriving one way hashing functions. base class for hashing services.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBDigestException\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIDigestException Exceptions involving digests.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMD5Digest\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA md5 collection/computation accululator class. md5 hash accumulation.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBSHA1Digest\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISHA1Digest SHA-1 \fBDigest\fP Implementation.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBSHA256Digest\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISHA256Digest SHA-256 \fBDigest\fP Implementation.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBSHA64DigestHelper\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISHA64DigestHelper Base class for the 64-bit wide SHA*Digests.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBSHAConstant\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISHAConstant Contains SHA constants.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBSHADigest\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISHADigest Base class for the SHA*Digests.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBSHATumbler\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISHATumbler SHA Helper Class.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
\fBDigest\fP algorithms: checksum, CRC and MD5.
.PP
.PP
.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CommonC++ from the source code.
