.TH "Digest" 3 "22 May 2003" "CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Digest \- The digest base class is used for implementing and deriving one way hashing functions. base class for hashing services. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <digest.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBChecksumDigest\fP, \fBCRC16Digest\fP, \fBCRC32Digest\fP, \fBMD5Digest\fP, \fBSHADigest< uint_type, blockSizeInBytes >\fP, and \fBSHADigest< uint64, 64 >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Protected Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDigest\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBinitDigest\fP (void)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIReset the digest table to an initial default value.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual unsigned \fBgetSize\fP (void)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the size of a digest in octets.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual unsigned \fBgetDigest\fP (unsigned char *buffer)=0"
.br
.RI "\fICopy the binary digest buffer to user memory.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBputDigest\fP (const unsigned char *buffer, unsigned length)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIPut data into the digest bypassing the stream subsystem.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::ostream & \fBstrDigest\fP (std::ostream &os)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIprint a digest string for export.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, Digest &ia)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
The digest base class is used for implementing and deriving one way hashing functions. base class for hashing services.
.PP
\fBAuthor: \fP
.in +1c
David Sugar <dyfet@ostel.com> 
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "Digest::Digest ()\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "virtual unsigned Digest::getDigest (unsigned char * buffer)\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Copy the binary digest buffer to user memory.
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
number of bytes in digest. 
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIbuffer\fP\fP
to write into. 
.PP
Implemented in \fBChecksumDigest\fP, \fBCRC16Digest\fP, \fBCRC32Digest\fP, \fBMD5Digest\fP, and \fBSHA64DigestHelper\fP.
.SS "virtual unsigned Digest::getSize (void)\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get the size of a digest in octets.
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
number of bytes in digest. 
.PP
Implemented in \fBChecksumDigest\fP, \fBCRC16Digest\fP, \fBCRC32Digest\fP, \fBMD5Digest\fP, \fBSHADigest< uint_type, blockSizeInBytes >\fP, \fBSHA1Digest\fP, \fBSHA256Digest\fP, and \fBSHADigest< uint64, 64 >\fP.
.SS "virtual void Digest::initDigest (void)\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Reset the digest table to an initial default value.
.PP
Implemented in \fBChecksumDigest\fP, \fBCRC16Digest\fP, \fBCRC32Digest\fP, \fBMD5Digest\fP, \fBSHADigest< uint_type, blockSizeInBytes >\fP, \fBSHA1Digest\fP, \fBSHA256Digest\fP, and \fBSHADigest< uint64, 64 >\fP.
.SS "virtual void Digest::putDigest (const unsigned char * buffer, unsigned length)\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Put data into the digest bypassing the stream subsystem.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIbuffer\fP\fP
to read from. 
.TP
\fB\fIlength\fP\fP
of data. 
.PP
Implemented in \fBChecksumDigest\fP, \fBCRC16Digest\fP, \fBCRC32Digest\fP, \fBMD5Digest\fP, \fBSHADigest< uint_type, blockSizeInBytes >\fP, and \fBSHADigest< uint64, 64 >\fP.
.SS "virtual std::ostream& Digest::strDigest (std::ostream & os)\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
print a digest string for export.
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
string representation of digest. 
.PP
Implemented in \fBChecksumDigest\fP, \fBCRC16Digest\fP, \fBCRC32Digest\fP, \fBMD5Digest\fP, \fBSHADigest< uint_type, blockSizeInBytes >\fP, \fBSHA64DigestHelper\fP, and \fBSHADigest< uint64, 64 >\fP.
.SH "FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream & os, Digest & ia)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP


.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CommonC++ from the source code.
