.TH "fifostream" 3 "22 May 2003" "CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
fifostream \- This class provides a few alterations to the standard fstream class for dealing with fifo devices. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <file.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBFile\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfifostream\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fICreate fifo 'object', but do not create or open a fifo stream.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfifostream\fP (const char *fname, long access=(long) attrGroup)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate and open a fifo stream object.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~fifostream\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIclose any open fifo and remove.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBopen\fP (const char *fname, long access=(long) attrGroup)"
.br
.RI "\fIopen a new fifo stream.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclose\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIclose the fifo stream and remove it.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
This class provides a few alterations to the standard fstream class for dealing with fifo devices.
.PP
In particular, a fifo is assumed to be created via mkfifo and is destroyed when closed. The fifo is a r/w streamable object. fifo streams are presumed unique to posix systems and are generally not portable classes.
.PP
\fBTodo: \fP
.in +1c
 implement in win32  
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "fifostream::fifostream ()"
.PP
Create fifo 'object', but do not create or open a fifo stream.
.PP
.SS "fifostream::fifostream (const char * fname, long access = (long) attrGroup)"
.PP
Create and open a fifo stream object.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIfname\fP\fP
name of fifo. 
.TP
\fB\fIaccess\fP\fP
access flags. 
.SS "virtual fifostream::~fifostream ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
close any open fifo and remove.
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "void fifostream::close (void)"
.PP
close the fifo stream and remove it.
.PP
.SS "void fifostream::open (const char * fname, long access = (long) attrGroup)"
.PP
open a new fifo stream.
.PP
Kill the currently open one if present.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIfname\fP\fP
name of fifo. 
.TP
\fB\fIaccess\fP\fP
access flags. 

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CommonC++ from the source code.
