.TH "file.h" 3 "22 May 2003" "CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
file.h \- Files, fifos, directories, pipes and dynamic loader services. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <cc++/config.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <cc++/thread.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <iostream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <fstream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <cstdio>\fP
.br
\fC#include <dirent.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/stat.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/mman.h>\fP
.br
.SS "Compounds"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBDSO\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe DSO dynamic loader class is used to load object files. Dynamic class file loader.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMappedFile\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICreate and map a disk file into memory. Map a named disk file into memory.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBPipe\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe Pipe uses system kernel buffering to hold data being passed either between two execution contexts within the same process, or between different processes. kernel buffering between processes and/or threads.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBDir\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA low level portable directory class. low level directory access class.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBFIFOSession\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe FIFOSession produces a seperate thread which can manage a fifo stream session.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBfifostream\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis class provides a few alterations to the standard fstream class for dealing with fifo devices.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fB_fcb\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBFile\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBRandomFile\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe purpose of this class is to define a base class for low level random file access that is portable between Win32 and Posix systems. Portable random disk file access.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBSharedFile\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis class defines a database I/O file service that can be shared by multiple processes. This class defines a database I/O file service that can be shared by multiple processes.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBThreadFile\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis class defines a database I/O file service that can be shared by multiple threads. This class defines a database I/O file service that can be shared by multiple threads.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBcaddr_t\fP   char *"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IRUSR\fP   0400"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IWUSR\fP   0200"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IRGRP\fP   0040"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IWGRP\fP   0020"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IROTH\fP   0004"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IWOTH\fP   0002"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef unsigned long \fBpos_t\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef size_t \fBccxx_size_t\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
Files, fifos, directories, pipes and dynamic loader services.
.PP
.PP
.SH "DEFINE DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "#define caddr_t   char *"
.PP
.SS "#define S_IRGRP   0040"
.PP
.SS "#define S_IROTH   0004"
.PP
.SS "#define S_IRUSR   0400"
.PP
.SS "#define S_IWGRP   0020"
.PP
.SS "#define S_IWOTH   0002"
.PP
.SS "#define S_IWUSR   0200"
.PP
.SH "TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "typedef size_t ccxx_size_t"
.PP
.SS "typedef unsigned long pos_t"
.PP
.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CommonC++ from the source code.
