.TH "InetAddrValidator" 3 "22 May 2003" "CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
InetAddrValidator \- Classes derived from \fBInetAddress\fP would require an specific validator to pass to the \fBInetAddress\fP constructor. Abstract base class for derived inet addresses validators. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <socket.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBInetMcastAddrValidator\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBInetAddrValidator\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBoperator()\fP (const in_addr address) const=0"
.br
.RI "\fIPure virtual application operator.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
Classes derived from \fBInetAddress\fP would require an specific validator to pass to the \fBInetAddress\fP constructor. Abstract base class for derived inet addresses validators.
.PP
This is a base class for classes of function objects used by such derived classes.
.PP
\fBAuthor: \fP
.in +1c
Federico Montesino <p5087@quintero.fie.us.es> 
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "InetAddrValidator::InetAddrValidator ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
Does not deal with any state. 
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void InetAddrValidator::operator() (const in_addr address) const\fC [inline, pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Pure virtual application operator.
.PP
Apply the validation algorithm specific to derived classes. 
.PP
Implemented in \fBInetMcastAddrValidator\fP.

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CommonC++ from the source code.
