.TH "InetHostAddress" 3 "22 May 2003" "CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
InetHostAddress \- This object is used to hold the actual and valid internet address of a specific host machine that will be accessed through a socket. Address of a specific Internet host machine. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <socket.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBInetAddress\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBInetHostAddress\fP (const char *host=NULL)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a new host address for a specific internet host.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBInetHostAddress\fP (struct in_addr addr)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert a system socket binary address such as may be returned through the accept() call or getsockpeer() into an internet host address object.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBInetAddress\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (unsigned long addr)"
.br
.RI "\fIAllows assignment from the return of functions like inet_addr() or htonl().\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "InetHostAddress & \fBoperator &=\fP (const \fBInetMaskAddress\fP &mask)"
.br
.RI "\fIMask the internet host address object with a network mask address.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBInetMaskAddress\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "InetHostAddress \fBoperator &\fP (const InetHostAddress &addr, const \fBInetMaskAddress\fP &mask)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
This object is used to hold the actual and valid internet address of a specific host machine that will be accessed through a socket. Address of a specific Internet host machine.
.PP
\fBAuthor: \fP
.in +1c
David Sugar <dyfet@ostel.com> 
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "InetHostAddress::InetHostAddress (const char * host = NULL)"
.PP
Create a new host address for a specific internet host.
.PP
The internet host can be specified in a null terminated ASCII string and include either the physical host address or the DNS name of a host machine. Hence, an InetHostAddress ('www.voxilla.org') can be directly declaired in this manner.
.PP
Defaults to the IP address that represents the interface matching 'gethostname()'.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIhost\fP\fP
dns or physical address of an Internet host. 
.SS "InetHostAddress::InetHostAddress (struct in_addr addr)"
.PP
Convert a system socket binary address such as may be returned through the accept() call or getsockpeer() into an internet host address object.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIaddr\fP\fP
binary address of internet host. 
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "InetHostAddress& InetHostAddress::operator &= (const \fBInetMaskAddress\fP & mask)"
.PP
Mask the internet host address object with a network mask address.
.PP
This is commonly used to coerce an address by subnet. 
.SS "\fBInetAddress\fP& InetHostAddress::operator= (unsigned long addr)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Allows assignment from the return of functions like inet_addr() or htonl().
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBInetAddress\fP.
.SH "FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "friend class InetMaskAddress\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
.SS "InetHostAddress operator & (const InetHostAddress & addr, const \fBInetMaskAddress\fP & mask)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP


.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CommonC++ from the source code.
