.TH "InetMcastAddress" 3 "22 May 2003" "CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
InetMcastAddress \- A specialization of \fBInetAddress\fP that provides address validation for multicast addresses. A multicast network address. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <socket.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBInetAddress\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBInetMcastAddress\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fICreate an Internet Multicast Address object with an empty (0.0.0.0) address.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBInetMcastAddress\fP (const struct in_addr address)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert the system internet address data type (struct in_addr) into a Common C++ InetMcastAddress object.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBInetMcastAddress\fP (const char *address)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert a null terminated ASCII multicast address string (example: '224.0.0.1') or multicast name string (example: 'sap.mcast.net') directly into a Common C++ InetMcastAddress object.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
A specialization of \fBInetAddress\fP that provides address validation for multicast addresses. A multicast network address.
.PP
Whenever its value changes the new value is checked to be in the range from 224.0.0.1 through 239.255.255.255. If it is not, an exception is thrown.
.PP
\fBAuthor: \fP
.in +1c
Federico Montesino <p5087@quintero.fie.us.es> 
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "InetMcastAddress::InetMcastAddress ()"
.PP
Create an Internet Multicast Address object with an empty (0.0.0.0) address.
.PP
.SS "InetMcastAddress::InetMcastAddress (const struct in_addr address)"
.PP
Convert the system internet address data type (struct in_addr) into a Common C++ InetMcastAddress object.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIaddress\fP\fP
struct of system used binary internet address. 
.SS "InetMcastAddress::InetMcastAddress (const char * address)"
.PP
Convert a null terminated ASCII multicast address string (example: '224.0.0.1') or multicast name string (example: 'sap.mcast.net') directly into a Common C++ InetMcastAddress object.
.PP
Works like \fBInetAddress\fP(const char*).
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIaddress\fP\fP
null terminated C string. 

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CommonC++ from the source code.
