.TH "NetworkDeviceInfo" 3 "22 May 2003" "CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
NetworkDeviceInfo \- Network device information class. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <network.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNetworkDeviceInfo\fP (const NetworkDeviceInfo &ndi)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~NetworkDeviceInfo\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::string & \fBname\fP () const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the Name of the network device.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBInetHostAddress\fP & \fBaddress\fP () const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the Address of the network device.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBBroadcastAddress\fP & \fBbroadcast\fP () const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the Broadcast address of the network device.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBInetMaskAddress\fP & \fBnetmask\fP () const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the Netmask of the network device.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const int \fBmtu\fP () const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the MTU.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNetworkDeviceInfo\fP (const std::string &name, const \fBInetHostAddress\fP &addr, const \fBBroadcastAddress\fP &broadcast, const \fBInetMaskAddress\fP &netmask, int mtu)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
Network device information class.
.PP
This class is used to hold various informations about a TCP/IP network device. Which can be obtained by a call to enumNetworkDevices() 
.PP
\fBAuthor: \fP
.in +1c
Christian Prochnow <cproch@seculogix.de> 
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "NetworkDeviceInfo::NetworkDeviceInfo (const std::string & name, const \fBInetHostAddress\fP & addr, const \fBBroadcastAddress\fP & broadcast, const \fBInetMaskAddress\fP & netmask, int mtu)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
.SS "NetworkDeviceInfo::NetworkDeviceInfo (const NetworkDeviceInfo & ndi)"
.PP
.SS "NetworkDeviceInfo::~NetworkDeviceInfo ()"
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "const \fBInetHostAddress\fP& NetworkDeviceInfo::address () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the Address of the network device.
.PP
.SS "const \fBBroadcastAddress\fP& NetworkDeviceInfo::broadcast () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the Broadcast address of the network device.
.PP
.SS "const int NetworkDeviceInfo::mtu () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the MTU.
.PP
.SS "const std::string& NetworkDeviceInfo::name () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the Name of the network device.
.PP
.SS "const \fBInetMaskAddress\fP& NetworkDeviceInfo::netmask () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the Netmask of the network device.
.PP


.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CommonC++ from the source code.
