.TH "serial.h" 3 "22 May 2003" "CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
serial.h \- \fBSerial\fP I/O services. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <cc++/config.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <cc++/thread.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <iostream>\fP
.br
.SS "Compounds"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBSerial\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe Serial class is used as the base for all serial I/O services under APE. base class for all serial I/O services.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBSerialPort\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe serial port is an internal class which is attached to and then serviced by a specified \fBSerialService\fP thread. base class for thread pool serviced serial I/O.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBSerialService\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe SerialService is a thead service object that is meant to service attached serial ports. \fBThread\fP pool service for serial ports.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBTTYSession\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe TTYSession aggragates a \fBTTYStream\fP and a Common C++ \fBThread\fP which is assumed to be the execution context that will be used to perform actual I/O operations. This class is very anagolous to \fBTCPSession\fP.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBttystream\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA more natural C++ 'ttystream' class for use by non-threaded applications. C++ 'fstream' style ttystream class.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBTTYStream\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITTY streams are used to represent serial connections that are fully 'streamable' objects using C++ stream classes and friends. streamable tty serial I/O class.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBINVALID_HANDLE_VALUE\fP   (-1)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef int \fBHANDLE\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "CCXX_CLASS_EXPORT \fBSerial\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "CCXX_CLASS_EXPORT \fBTTYStream\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "CCXX_CLASS_EXPORT \fBttystream\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
\fBSerial\fP I/O services.
.PP
.PP
.SH "DEFINE DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "#define INVALID_HANDLE_VALUE   (-1)"
.PP
.SH "TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "typedef int HANDLE"
.PP
.SH "VARIABLE DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "class CCXX_CLASS_EXPORT Serial"
.PP
.SS "class CCXX_CLASS_EXPORT ttystream"
.PP
.SS "class CCXX_CLASS_EXPORT TTYStream"
.PP
.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CommonC++ from the source code.
