.TH "TypeManager" 3 "22 May 2003" "CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
TypeManager \- This class manages the types for generation of the persistent objects. Type manager for persistence engine. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <persist.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef std::map< std::string, \fBNewBaseObjectFunction\fP > \fBStringFunctionMap\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCCXX_MEMBER_EXPORT\fP (static void) add(const char *name"
.br
.RI "\fIThis adds a new construction function to the type manager.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCCXX_MEMBER_EXPORT\fP (static void) remove(const char *name)"
.br
.RI "\fIAnd this one removes a type from the managers lists.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCCXX_EXPORT\fP (static \fBBaseObject\fP *) createInstanceOf(const char *name)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis function creates a new object of the required type and returns a pointer to it.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNewBaseObjectFunction\fP \fBconstruction\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
This class manages the types for generation of the persistent objects. Type manager for persistence engine.
.PP
Its data structures are managed automatically by the system. They are implicitly filled by the constructors who declare classes to the system.
.PP
\fBAuthor: \fP
.in +1c
Daniel Silverstone 
.PP
.SH "MEMBER TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "typedef std::map<std::string,\fBNewBaseObjectFunction\fP> TypeManager::StringFunctionMap"
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "TypeManager::CCXX_EXPORT (static \fBBaseObject\fP *) const"
.PP
This function creates a new object of the required type and returns a pointer to it.
.PP
NULL is returned if we couldn't find  the type 
.SS "TypeManager::CCXX_MEMBER_EXPORT (static void) const"
.PP
And this one removes a type from the managers lists.
.PP
.SS "TypeManager::CCXX_MEMBER_EXPORT (static void) const"
.PP
This adds a new construction function to the type manager.
.PP
.SH "MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "\fBNewBaseObjectFunction\fP TypeManager::construction"
.PP


.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CommonC++ from the source code.
