.TH "UDPBroadcast" 3 "22 May 2003" "CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
UDPBroadcast \- Representing a UDP socket used for subnet broadcasts, this class provides an alternate binding and \fBsetPeer()\fP capability for UDP sockets. Unreliable Datagram for subnet broadcasts. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <socket.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBUDPSocket\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBUDPBroadcast\fP (const \fBInetAddress\fP &ia, \fBtpport_t\fP port)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate and bind a subnet broadcast socket.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetPeer\fP (const \fBBroadcastAddress\fP &subnet, \fBtpport_t\fP port)"
.br
.RI "\fISet peer by subnet rather than specific host.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
Representing a UDP socket used for subnet broadcasts, this class provides an alternate binding and \fBsetPeer()\fP capability for UDP sockets. Unreliable Datagram for subnet broadcasts.
.PP
\fBAuthor: \fP
.in +1c
David Sugar <dyfet@ostel.com> 
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "UDPBroadcast::UDPBroadcast (const \fBInetAddress\fP & ia, \fBtpport_t\fP port)"
.PP
Create and bind a subnet broadcast socket.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIia\fP\fP
address to bind socket under locally. 
.TP
\fB\fIport\fP\fP
to bind socket under locally. 
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "void UDPBroadcast::setPeer (const \fBBroadcastAddress\fP & subnet, \fBtpport_t\fP port)"
.PP
Set peer by subnet rather than specific host.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIsubnet\fP\fP
of peer hosts to send to. 
.TP
\fB\fIport\fP\fP
number to use. 

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CommonC++ from the source code.
