.TH "UDPDuplex" 3 "22 May 2003" "CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
UDPDuplex \- UDP duplex connections impliment a bi-directional point-to-point UDP session between two peer hosts. Unreliable Datagram Peer Associations. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <socket.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBUDPTransmit\fP, and \fBUDPReceive\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBUDPDuplex\fP (const \fBInetAddress\fP &bind, \fBtpport_t\fP port)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a UDP duplex as a pair of UDP simplex objects bound to alternating and interconnected port addresses.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBError\fP \fBconnect\fP (const \fBInetHostAddress\fP &host, \fBtpport_t\fP port)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssociate the duplex with a specified peer host.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBError\fP \fBdisconnect\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDisassociate this duplex from any host connection.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
UDP duplex connections impliment a bi-directional point-to-point UDP session between two peer hosts. Unreliable Datagram Peer Associations.
.PP
Two UDP sockets are typically used on alternating port addresses to assure that sender and receiver data does not collide or echo back. A UDP Duplex is commonly used for full duplex real-time streaming of UDP data between hosts.
.PP
\fBAuthor: \fP
.in +1c
David Sugar <dyfet@ostel.com> 
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "UDPDuplex::UDPDuplex (const \fBInetAddress\fP & bind, \fBtpport_t\fP port)"
.PP
Create a UDP duplex as a pair of UDP simplex objects bound to alternating and interconnected port addresses.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIbind\fP\fP
address to bind this socket to. 
.TP
\fB\fIport\fP\fP
number to bind sender. 
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "\fBError\fP UDPDuplex::connect (const \fBInetHostAddress\fP & host, \fBtpport_t\fP port)"
.PP
Associate the duplex with a specified peer host.
.PP
Both the sender and receiver will be interconnected with the remote host.
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
0 on success, error code on error. 
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIhost\fP\fP
address to connect socket to. 
.TP
\fB\fIport\fP\fP
number to connect socket to. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBUDPTransmit\fP.
.SS "\fBError\fP UDPDuplex::disconnect (void)"
.PP
Disassociate this duplex from any host connection.
.PP
No data should be read or written until a connection is established.
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
0 on success, error code on error. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBUDPTransmit\fP.

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CommonC++ from the source code.
